PREVIOUSLY ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
APPARENTLY,
ALL THE EVIDENCE WENT MISSING,
SO THE D. A. HAD TO DROP
THE CHARGES.
OH, MY GOD.
THANK YOU, JESUS!
BUT CANDACE IS MY DAUGHTER.
SHE'S SLEEPING
WITH MY HUSBAND.
OOH, WHAT?!
HONOR YOUR WISHES
AND NEVER BOTHER YOU AGAIN.
Jim:
CANDACE, ARE YOU SURE
THAT THAT WOULD BE HONORING
MY WISHES?
STOP IT.
COME ON.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "STOP"?
I KNOW WHEN TO STOP.
WHAT?
NO.
WELL, NOW,
HOW MUCH DO I HATE TO BE RIGHT?
YOU KNOW, VERONICA,
YOU REALLY SHOULD KNOCK.
SHOULD I?
YES, YOU SHOULD.
JUST BE GLAD
IT WASN'T KATHERYN AT THE DOOR.
WOULD THAT MATTER?
OF COURSE IT WOULD.
THEN YOU DON'T KNOW
OUR RELATIONSHIP VERY WELL.
NO, BUT I SEE YOU STILL HAVE
A SOFT SPOT,
OR SHOULD I SAY A HARD SPOT
FOR YOUNG WHORES.
HELLO, YOUNG WHORE.
I SEE
YOU'RE UP TO YOUR OLD TRICK.
YOU KNOW,
WHEN I FIRST SAW YOU,
I THOUGHT YOU WERE SO POISED
AND IN CONTROL.
BUT EVERY WORD
OUT OF YOUR MOUTH LETS ME KNOW
HOW INSECURE YOU ARE.
I AM NOT INSECURE.
WHAT DO YOU CALL IT?
HMM...AWARE.
AWARE?
YES.
HMM.
AWARE
OF PEOPLE LIKE YOU.
DARLING, YOU CAN'T GET AHEAD
BY GIVING IT.
YOU WANT TO BET?
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU DISGUST ME.
WHY?
BECAUSE I CAN GET AHEAD
ON MY BACK,
AND YOU COULDN'T GET AN INCH
ON YOURS?
YOU SHOULD
LEAVE THIS OFFICE.
THAT'S A GREAT IDEA.
TRASH, JIM? REALLY?
TRASH.
WOW.
I MAKE YOU SO UNCOMFORTABLE,
DON'T I?
MM...YES.
YOU DO.
[ SCOFFS ]
IT'S OKAY.
DON'T WORRY.
I'M GONNA LEAVE,
SO THE THREAT WILL BE GONE.
BUT AS I WALK
OUT THE DOOR,
YOUR HUSBAND IS GONNA
HAVE TO TRY HARD NOT TO STARE,
BECAUSE IF YOU WEREN'T HERE,
HE WOULD.
BITCH,
GET YOUR ASS OUT THE DOOR.
GLADLY.
HONEY, LET'S GO.
NO.
I THINK THAT WOULD BE
AN EXCELLENT IDEA.
NOT UNTIL I SPEAK
WITH JIM.
HMM.
VERONICA,
THIS IS NOT YOUR CONCERN.
KATHERYN IS MY CONCERN.
KATHERYN IS MY FRIEND.
HONEY.
I'M SEEING YOUR WIFE
FIRST THING IN THE MORNING.
OH.
I WILL EXPECT FOR YOU
TO TELL HER
ABOUT THIS ENTIRE SITUATION
BY THE TIME I ARRIVE
AT YOUR HOUSE.
OR ELSE.
OR ELSE WHAT?
OR ELSE I WILL
TELL HER MYSELF.
ARE YOU THREATENING ME,
VERONICA?
YOU THINK
THIS IS A THREAT?
VERONICA,
THAT'S ENOUGH.
YOU UNDERESTIMATE ME.
YOU BOTH
UNDERESTIMATE ME.
DAVID, WHAT ARE YOU THINKING,
LYING AND PROTECTING HIM?
HE'S JUST GONNA
DO IT AGAIN.
NOT UNTIL YOU LET HIM BURN
IN THE FIRE WILL HE EVER LEARN.
YOU'RE NOT HELPING HIM,
AND YOU'RE NOT HELPING US.
THIS IS
NOT OUR BUSINESS.
THIS IS OUR BUSINESS.
THIS IS OUR REPUTATION.
THIS IS OUR LIVELIHOOD.
HE ‐‐ HE IS OUR BUSINESS.
DON'T WORRY, VERONICA.
YOUR HUSBAND IS STILL GONNA BE
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR,
AND YOU WILL STILL GET
YOUR TIME IN THE SPOTLIGHT.
SPOTLIGHT.
YES.
ANYBODY WHO KNOWS YOU KNOWS
YOU LOVE AN AUDIENCE,
KNOWS YOU LOVE TO BE
ONSTAGE.
ALL RIGHT, JIM.
TAKE IT, GIRL, TAKE IT.
HUH, AS MUCH AS YOU ENJOY
PLAYING IN THE TRASH?
MAYBE NOT QUITE AS MUCH.
HUH.
I'M TELLING KATHERYN.
YOU GO RIGHT AHEAD.
I WILL.
STUPID WHORE.
[ SCOFFS ]
I WILL SEE YOU AT HOME,
DAVID.
‐‐Captions by VITAC‐‐
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
[ GRUNTS ]
ALL RIGHT.
WYATT,
ARE YOU OKAY?
WYATT. WYATT.
JEFFREY, YOU HIT ME.
YOU HIT ME!
WYATT, I'M SORRY.
JUST PLEASE, JUST ‐‐
PLEASE JUST DON'T BE MAD AT ME.
PLEASE, PLEASE DON'T BE
MAD AT ME, PLEASE!
JUST FORGIVE ME.
GET OFF ME!
PLEASE, WYATT, JUST ‐‐
OH, GOD.
WYATT,
TELL ME THAT YOU LOVE ME.
TELL ME,
'CAUSE I KNOW YOU DO.
I KNOW YOU DO.
IF YOU KNEW HOW MUCH
THAT I LOVE YOU, WYATT ‐‐
THAT'S WHY I CAN'T LET YOU
DESTROY WHAT WE HAVE.
JEFFREY.
I CAN'T LET YOU DESTROY
WHAT WE ‐‐
WE HAVE NOTHING!
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING, WYATT.
JEFFREY.
IT'S OKAY. IT'S OKAY.
THERE IS NO "US".
NO, NO. NO, NO. NO, NO.
WE CAN
COME OUT TOGETHER.
JUST YOU AND I.
IT DOESN'T MATTER.
AS LONG AS YOU'RE BY MY SIDE,
I'LL TELL MY MOTHER.
IT DOESN'T MATTER,
WYATT.
JEFFREY,
THERE IS NO US.
I'M NOT GAY!
OKAY,
WE'VE BEEN THROUGH THIS!
I AM NOT GAY!
GET AWAY FROM ME.
YOU REALLY DID THAT
TO HURT ME?
I LOVE YOU, WYATT.
I‐I WOULD NEVER HURT YOU.
STOP SAYING THAT!
[ GRUNTS ]
WYATT, NO! NO!
NO, WYATT, PLEASE!
NO! NO!
OH!
WYATT, I LOVE YOU!
GOOD MORNING.
MORNING.
YOU'RE UP EARLY.
YEAH,
I COULDN'T SLEEP.
YOU OKAY?
YEAH, I'M FINE.
WELL, I'M GONNA TAKE
THE ENTIRE DAY OFF
SO WE CAN
SPEND IT TOGETHER.
APPRECIATE IT, MAMA,
BUT I HAVE TO GO TO WORK.
COME ON, NOW.
TAKE THE DAY OFF.
WE COULD RIDE OUT
TO THAT CORN FARM.
YOU KNOW WHERE THEY USED TO DO
THAT MAZE ONCE A YEAR?
WE COULD HAVE A PICNIC,
LIKE WE USED TO DO
WHEN YOU WERE A BABY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M NOT A BABY ANYMORE,
MOMMY.
GOT BILLS.
I KNOW, BENNY.
YOU'VE BEEN AVOIDING ME
SINCE YOU'VE BEEN HOME.
NO, I HAVEN'T.
YES, YOU HAVE.
MAMA, WE JUST WENT
TO DINNER LAST NIGHT.
MM‐HMM.
YOU WERE QUIET
ALL THROUGH THAT.
WAS I?
MM‐HMM.
I DIDN'T THINK I WAS.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOU KNOW I KNOW YOU.
I'M FINE, MAMA.
COME ON, TELL ME.
FATHER,
WE ASK YOU TO BLESS THIS FOOD
IN THE NAME
OF JESUS CHRIST, AMEN.
AMEN.
JUST SITTING IN THAT JAIL CELL,
YOU KNOW?
TOO MUCH TIME TO THINK ‐‐
MADE ME THINK ABOUT A LOT.
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
THOUGHT ABOUT YOU, CANDACE,
THE SITUATION.
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF WE DIDN'T
GET IT FIGURED OUT.
BUT WE DID, THANK GOD.
YEAH, THANK GOD.
YOU'RE FINE NOW, BABY.
THAT'S ALL BEHIND YOU. YOU DON'T
EVER HAVE TO LOOK BACK.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
DOESN'T MEAN
IT DIDN'T BOTHER ME, THOUGH.
YEAH.
I KNOW
YOU'RE A GROWN MAN.
YOU PROBABLY DON'T WANT
YOUR MAMA TO KNOW THIS,
BUT I KNOW YOU WERE SCARED.
I MEAN,
I'M NOT GONNA LIE TO YOU.
YOU KNOW,
I NEVER COULD.
I WAS.
YOU KNOW I NEVER BEEN
THROUGH SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
MM‐HMM.
I'M FINE, THOUGH,
YOU KNOW?
I JUST...
[ SIGHS ]
I JUST NEED A LITTLE WHILE
TO TAKE IN WHAT JUST HAPPENED.
YOU KNOW, THAT'S ALL.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
OKAY.
IT WAS TRAUMATIC
FOR BOTH OF US.
ANYTHING I CAN DO?
YOU CAN GO TO WORK.
WHAT, YOU DON'T WANT
TO HANG WITH YOUR MAMA?
NAH, IT'S NOT THAT.
JUST GOT TO GET OUT.
MAYBE I'LL TRY TO GET
SOME TOWS OR SOMETHING.
WE CAN'T AFFORD FOR ME TO BE
OUT OF WORK ANYMORE.
OH, BENNY, YOU'VE BEEN
THROUGH A LOT IN THE PAST WEEK.
I KNOW
THIS WAS HARD ON YOU.
I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY ACTUALLY TRIED
TO SET CANDACE UP LIKE THAT.
BENNY.
WHAT?
IT'S THE TRUTH,
AND YOU KNOW IT.
THAT'S THE LIFE SHE LIVES.
LOOK, DON'T START IN ON HER
RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
I'M NOT.
I'M JUST S‐‐
LOOK, NOT NOW, MAMA.
FINE.
WE ALL MAKE MISTAKES.
I KNOW.
YOU HAVE, TOO.
YEAH, A LOT OF THEM.
MM.
BUT I DIDN'T DO IT
INTENTIONALLY.
WELL,
SOMETIMES THE CHOICES YOU MAKE
DON'T INTENTIONALLY HURT PEOPLE,
ALL RIGHT,
BUT THEY STILL DO HURT.
BUT SHE IS ‐‐
LOOK, STOP TALKING
ABOUT CANDACE'S MISTAKES
UNLESS YOU'RE
FINALLY GONNA START
LIVING UP TO SOME OF YOUR OWN,
ALL RIGHT?
YOU SOUND LIKE
A DAMN HYPOCRITE.
OH, NOW, HOLD ON.
WATCH YOUR MOUTH.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I KNOW.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
DON'T DO THIS TO ME,
ALL RIGHT?
I'M NOT CANDACE.
DON'T SIT HERE
AND LIE TO MY FACE.
I KNOW.
I TOLD HIM
IT WAS THE WRONG THING TO DO.
I TOLD THAT MAN.
I DIDN'T WANT YOU
TO FIND OUT LIKE THIS, BENNY.
I BEGGED TONY
NOT TO GO UP THERE
WHILE YOU WERE SITTING UP THERE
IN JAIL
AND TELL YOU
HE WAS YOUR FATHER.
I'M SORRY.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT WERE YOU
WAIT.
SHE TOLD ME ‐‐
MR. WATSON'S MY DADDY?
YOU SAID HE ‐‐
I THOUGHT YOU KNEW.
NO.
CANDACE SAID
BACK IN THE DAY,
YOU WERE SHACKED UP
WITH SOME MARRIED MAN.
THAT'S WHAT I WAS
TALKING ABOUT.
NOT HIM.
HE'S MY DADDY?
YES, BENNY.
AND YOU LET ME
INVITE HIM IN HERE,
AND YOU DIDN'T EVEN
TELL ME?
I DIDN'T KNOW
YOU WERE GONNA DO THAT.
YOU SURPRISED ME, TOO,
BABY.
I'M SORRY.
SORRY?
[ SNIFFLES ]
THAT'S MESSED UP, MOM.
COME ON, NOW.
WAIT.
I GOT TO GO TO WORK.
I DIDN'T KNOW.
BENNY, I'M SORRY.
I GOT TO GO TO WORK.
WELL,
DON'T GO LIKE THIS.
LET'S JUST TALK
ABOUT IT.
I'LL TALK TO YOU
LATER.
COME ON, NOW.
PLEASE, BENNY.
A CHAIN? REALLY?
YES.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU WERE GONNA
HAVE THE LOCKS CHANGED.
I'M WORKING ON IT.
CAN I COME IN?
WHY?
PLEASE?
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I WANT YOU.
JIM.
I'VE BEEN GIVING THIS
A LOT OF THOUGHT ‐‐ THIS.
AND I KNOW
WHAT YOU ARE TO ME NOW.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU'RE WHAT'S MISSING
IN MY LIFE.
YOU'RE WHAT I NEED.
SO WHY CAN'T WE HAVE THIS,
HMM?
YOU THINK I'M STUPID?
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU'RE TALKING
ALL THIS BULL,
TRY AND GET ME
TO GET RID OF THIS CHILD,
AND IT AIN'T GONNA HAPPEN.
OKAY.
CAN'T FOOL YOU.
NO, YOU CAN'T.
BUT COME ON,
WHY CAN'T WE, HMM?
TOO MUCH COLLATERAL DAMAGE,
JIM.
TOO MANY BODIES
IN THE STREET.
THIS IS DONE.
I'M FINISHED WITH YOU.
IT'S OVER.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO TAKE CARE OF THIS CHILD.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO SEE HIM OR HER.
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO TAKE CARE OF THIS BABY.
SO...
HOW MUCH DO YOU WANT?
$10,000.
$10,000?
YES.
THAT'S REASONABLE.
I THOUGHT SO, TOO.
HMM.
$10,000 A MONTH.
WHA‐‐
$120,000 A YEAR ‐‐
THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT?
WELL, IT'S ACTUALLY $2.1 MILLION
OVER 18 YEARS ‐‐
GIVE OR TAKE.
SO YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT FROM THE MOMENT
THIS CHILD IS BORN ‐‐
NO.
NOT WHEN HE'S BORN.
STARTING NOW.
STOP IT.
STOP IT RIGHT NOW, CANDACE.
NO, YOU STOP IT.
THIS IS WHAT I WANT.
IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT MONEY
WITH YOU, ISN'T IT?
WELL, YOU HAVE IT.
AND BECAUSE I HAVE IT,
YOU DESERVE IT?
BECAUSE I HAVE IT,
IT'S OKAY
FOR YOU TO BLACKMAIL ME AGAIN?
NO, JIM.
I TOLD YOU I'M DONE WITH THAT,
AND I'M DONE WITH YOU.
SO THAT MEANS
I CAN SAY NO.
SURE.
YOU CAN SO SAY NO
RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
NO.
NO?
TELL YOU WHAT I WILL DO,
THOUGH.
I WILL AGREE
TO PAY FOR THE PROCEDURE
TO ELIMINATE
OUR LITTLE PROBLEM.
"PROCEDURE."
YEAH.
YOU CAN'T SAY
"ABORTION"?
THIS IS A TAKE‐IT‐OR‐LEAVE‐IT
DEAL, CANDACE.
IT'S A LEAVE‐IT, JIM.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S HAVE IT.
GIVE ME THE THREAT.
I DON'T HAVE A THREAT.
YOU DON'T?
NOPE.
REALLY?
SO, YOU'RE ACTUALLY SAYING
THAT I CAN JUST WALK AWAY
FROM YOU, FROM THE BABY ‐‐
NEVER HAVE
ANY RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER
FROM HERE TILL ETERNITY ‐‐
THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE SAYING?
I WILL TAKE CARE
OF MY OWN CHILD.
WHY DON'T I BELIEVE THAT?
YOU CAN BELIEVE
WHAT YOU WANT TO BELIEVE,
BUT IT'S TRUE.
SO THERE'S NO MONEY ‐‐
WE'RE DONE.
YOU ARE FREE AND CLEAR.
GOODBYE.
I WANT
TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU SO BAD.
JIM.
RIGHT NOW.
OH, GOSH.
COME ON.
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH.
I AM NOT A FOOL.
YOU DON'T CARE ABOUT ME.
YOU'RE WRONG.
I DO. I REALLY DO.
NOW, COME ON.
OH.
HEY, CANDACE.
YEAH?
DON'T MAKE ME BEG.
YOU KNOW I'M NOT THE KIND
OF A GUY THAT LIKES TO BEG.
SWEETHEART,
YOU DON'T HAVE TO BEG.
BECAUSE I ALREADY SAID NO.
GOODBYE.
YOU WANT ME. I KNOW YOU DO.
NO, I DON'T.
YES, YOU DO.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
JIM ‐‐ OH, JIM.
Amanda: CANDACE!
UH, YEAH?
OPEN THE DOOR.
OKAY,
ONE, UH, ONE SECOND.
No! Don't ‐‐
HEY!
HI!
DAD,
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
OH, HE JUST CAME
TO DROP A BOOK OFF FOR ME.
I HAVE AN EXAM.
NO,
THAT'S NOT WHAT HE'S DOING.
IT'S NOT?
NO.
I KNOW.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOING.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
HE'S DOING?
DID MOM CALL YOU?
NO.
SHE DIDN'T TELL YOU
I LEFT THE HOUSE?
NO.
NO, SHE DIDN'T.
WHERE WERE YOU GOING?
HERE,
BACK TO MY HOUSE.
[ SIGHS ]
AMANDA,
WE'VE TALKED ALL ABOUT THIS.
I'M DONE TALKING ABOUT THIS,
BUT I KNOW WHY YOU'RE HERE.
[ CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY ]
WHY IS HE HERE?
TO SEE HOW I'M LIVING.
MAKE SURE
EVERYTHING'S OKAY.
BUT I'M FINE, DAD.
I KNOW MOM CALLED YOU,
SO YOU CAN LEAVE NOW, PLEASE.
I'M SORRY HE USED SOME RUSE
TO TRY TO GET YOU TO LET HIM IN.
WOW, SHE'S GOT YOU
FIGURED OUT, HUH?
YEAH, CERTAINLY DOES.
MM.
AND I KNOW
YOU DUPLICATED MY KEY.
MAY I HAVE IT,
PLEASE?
YOU CERTAINLY KNOW
YOUR OLD MAN.
HMM.
JUDGE CRYER,
THANK YOU FOR STOPPING BY.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
HMM.
I LOVE YOU, BABY.
HELLO.
HELLO,
MISS VERONICA.
I MADE YOU A CAKE.
REALLY?
YES.
IT'S THE LEAST
I COULD DO.
I JUST WANTED
TO SAY THANK YOU.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO THANK ME
EVERY TIME YOU SEE ME.
YES, I DO.
OKAY.
WELL, YOU'RE WELCOME.
CAN I PUT IT IN YOUR CAR?
THAT WILL BE FINE.
WHERE'S KATHERYN?
IN THE SUN ROOM.
THANK YOU.
AH.
HELLO.
HOW WAS
YOUR VACATION?
IT WAS GOOD.
THANK YOU FOR ASKING.
YOU LOOK PALE.
DID THEY NOT HAVE
SUN THERE?
NO, IT WAS A BIT OVERCAST,
AND THE ROOMS WERE DIMLY LIT.
HM.
THAT VACATION WAS SUDDEN.
YES, IT WAS.
YOU KNOW,
YOUR NEIGHBOR DIANNA WENT
ON A SUDDEN VACATION ONCE.
WHEN SHE CAME BACK,
HER FACE WAS TIGHTER,
AND HER STOMACH WAS FLATTER.
[ BOTH CHUCKLE ]
I DIDN'T HAVE
ANY WORK DONE,
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU MEAN.
I JUST NEEDED
TO GET AWAY FOR A WHILE.
WHAT WAS SO PRESSING?
MY ADORING HUSBAND.
AH. JIM.
HMM.
HOW IS HE?
YOU TELL ME.
YOU'VE SEEN A LOT MORE OF HIM
LATELY THAN I HAVE.
AND WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY THAT?
I GUESS
ONE OF HIS WHORES HAVE BEEN
KEEPING HIM A LITTLE BUSY.
NOT JIM ‐‐
THE GOLDEN BOY?
CUT THE CRAP,
VERONICA.
[ CHUCKLES ]
JIM TOLD ME
YOU CAUGHT HIM WITH CANDACE.
GOOD. HE TOLD YOU.
YES, HE DID.
AND WHAT ARE YOU GONNA
DO ABOUT IT?
NOTHING.
REALLY?
MM‐HMM.
WHY?
BECAUSE I'VE BEEN MARRIED TO HIM
LONG ENOUGH TO KNOW
THAT THE MORE ROPE
YOU GIVE HIM,
THE GREATER HIS HANGING HIMSELF
WILL BE.
I COULD NEVER BE
THAT WAY.
IT'S BECAUSE YOU HAVE A HUSBAND
WHO LOVES AND ADORES YOU.
AND I HAVE JIM.
AND CANDACE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
AND IT GETS WORSE.
SHE'S HANNA'S DAUGHTER.
HMM. GOOD.
YOU KNOW THAT, TOO.
MM‐HMM.
AND AMANDA HAS MOVED OUT
AND MOVED BACK IN WITH HER.
WHAT?
DOES AMANDA KNOW?
THAT GIRL LIVES
IN A CLOUD.
KATHERYN, HOW ARE YOU SO CALM
ABOUT ALL OF THIS?
I USED TO GET UPSET
AND TRY TO FIX EVERYTHING,
AND IT ALMOST KILLED ME.
NOW I HAVE
A NEW LEASE ON LIFE.
SO I'M JUST GOING TO SIT HERE
AND WATCH IT ALL FALL APART.
YOU DON'T MEAN THAT.
YES, I DO.
I GAVE EVERYTHING
TO THESE PEOPLE,
AND THEY ALMOST KILLED ME
FOR IT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT?
MY LOVING FAMILY ISN'T
SO LOVING, VERONICA.
AND I AM TIRED
OF PLAYING THE GAME.
IT IS WHAT IT IS.
[ SIGHS ]
WOULD YOU LIKE A DRINK?
YOU KNOW I CAN'T.
OH,
THEN I'LL HAVE TWO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
[ CELLPHONE BEEPS ]
HELLO?
YES, JEFFREY.
CALM DOWN, SON.
YES.
I WILL MEET YOU
AT YOUR FATHER'S CHAMBERS.
OKAY,
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE,
HONEY.
[ SIGHS ]
IS EVERYTHING ALL RIGHT?
MY SON ‐‐
ANOTHER CRISIS.
WHATEVER IT IS,
I'M SURE IT WILL BE FINE.
OKAY, GO ON.
WELCOME BACK.
THANK YOU.
OKAY, I'LL SEE YOU SOON.
ABSOLUTELY.
I'M RIGHT HERE.
OKAY.
TAKE CARE, SWEETIE.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE SHOWER GLASS?
OH, UM, I BROKE IT.
HOW?
MY HAIRDRYER HIT IT.
SEE, I TOLD YOU.
I WAS HITTING IT, TOO,
WHEN I WAS TRYING
TO DRY MY HAIR.
HM.
WHY WOULD THEY PUT AN OUTLET
SO CLOSE
TO THE OUTSIDE OF A SHOWER?
THERE HAS TO BE
SOME CODE ABOUT THAT.
I'M NOT SURE.
YOU KNOW.
YOU KNOW ABOUT ALL THE LAWS.
NO, NOT ALL OF THEM.
BUT THEY'RE COMING TOMORROW
TO FIX IT.
OKAY, GOOD.
SO...
HERE YOU GO.
WHAT'S THIS?
YOUR GRANDFATHER'S WILL.
HOW'D YOU GET THIS?
I'M A LAW STUDENT,
AND I'M QUITE CUTE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL, WAS I RIGHT?
YES.
YOU AND WYATT WERE BOTH NAMED
IN THE TRUST
AND WERE SUPPOSED TO BE
RECEIVING BENEFITS
SINCE YOU TURNED 18.
WOW.
WHERE IS IT?
YOUR MOTHER'S HOLDING IT.
FIGURES.
SHE'S SO CONTROLLING.
I KNOW.
SO, HOW MUCH IS IT?
$12 MILLION.
WHAT?!
MM‐HMM.
HOW DO I GET IT?
WE HAVE TO SUE
YOUR PARENTS.
REALLY?
YES.
OKAY.
I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE
THE LOOK ON MY MOM'S FACE
WHEN I TELL HER.
WELL,
LET'S NOT DELAY THAT LOOK.
LET'S GO TELL THEM NOW.
YOU'LL GO WITH ME?
OF COURSE.
GIRL,
I WILL BE RIGHT BY YOUR SIDE.
OKAY, COME ON.
I'M IN.
[ HORNS HONK ]
[ TIRES SQUEAL ]
[ BREATHES HEAVILY ]
[ GRUNTS ]
[ CAR THUDS, ENGINE REVS ]
I'M GOING HOME.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU LOOK GOOD.
I'M STARTING TO FEEL LIKE
MY OLD SELF AGAIN.
IS THAT A GOOD THING?
IT DEPENDS
ON WHO YOU ASK!
Shh.
HE'S IN THE NEXT ROOM.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I DON'T CARE.
I'D HATE TO BE
ON YOUR BAD SIDE.
LIKE YOUR DAUGHTER?
MM.
SHE ON MY BAD SIDE, TOO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU DON'T HAVE
A BAD SIDE.
YES, I DO.
I MAY LOOK LIKE A BUTTERFLY,
BUT I STING.
I CAN'T SEE IT.
ALTHOUGH, HMM...
WHEN YOU WERE PROTECTING
YOUR SON,
YOU LOOKED LIKE A WOMAN
WHO COULD RULE THE WORLD.
OH, YEAH.
HM.
THAT'S MY HEART.
[ CHUCKLES ]
SPEAKING OF WHICH,
I BETTER GET GOING.
HE'S PROBABLY WAITING FOR ME
AT HOME.
OKAY.
MM.
GOOD NIGHT, HANNA.
GOOD NIGHT.
TAKE CARE. BE SAFE.
OKAY.
ALL RIGHT.
WYATT!
I DIDN'T SEE HIM.
WHO?
I THINK I KILLED HIM.
KILLED WHO?!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!
I THINK I KILLED HIM.
HE WAS BENDING DOWN,
CHANGING A TIRE ‐‐
I DIDN'T EVEN SEE HIM.
START ALL OVER.
YOU HIT WHO?!
A MAN.
JIM!
Jim: WHAT IS IT?!
CAN'T A MAN HAVE A MOMENT ‐‐
IT'S WYATT!
HE THINKS
HE KILLED SOMEONE!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
Katheryn:
START ALL OVER. CALM DOWN.
TAKE IT FROM THE TOP.
WHERE'S JEFFREY?
HE WASN'T WITH ME.
HEY, HEY.
YOU LOOK AT ME.
Katheryn: BE CAREFUL.
BE CAREFUL. BE CAREFUL.
ARE YOU HIGH?
YES.
YES?! HIGH!
DO NOT HIT HIM!
HOW THE HELL COULD YOU BE HIGH
RIGHT NOW?!
MOM,
I THINK I KILLED HIM.
HE IS HURT!
CAN'T YOU SEE THAT?!
MOM,
I THINK I KILLED HIM.
HE NEED HELP.
YOU THINK YOU KILLED HIM.
YOU ARE NOT SURE.
YOU ONLY THINK YOU KILLED HIM.
SHUT UP!
HE DIDN'T KILL ANYBODY!
JUST SHUT UP!
I DIDN'T EVEN SEE HIM.
DON'T SAY "SHUT UP"
TO HIM!
CAN'T YOU UNDERSTAND
HE'S HURT?!
I'M NOT TALKING TO HIM!
I'M TALKING TO YOU!
SHUT UP!
HANNA, GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU DIDN'T HEAR A THING.
GO ON. GET OUT.
HE NEEDS SOME HELP, JIM.
COME ON.
NO KIDDING.
HEY, IT'S OKAY.
OKAY.
THIS IS OUR SON.
WE'LL BE FINE.
GET OUT OF HERE.
I WILL TAKE CARE OF THIS!
GET OUT OF HERE!
TAKE CARE OF IT, YEAH,
LIKE YOU TAKE CARE
OF EVERYTHING.
HOW CAN YOU DO
THINGS LIKE THIS?!
GET OUT OF HERE!
THIS IS NOT THE TIME!
YOU CAN'T BE
ARGUING WITH HIM!
HEY!
YOU DIDN'T EVEN SEE HIM.
COME HERE.
OKAY.
AS SOON
AS I FINISH UP HERE,
WE CAN
GET ON OUR WAY AND...
MOM.
JEFFREY,
YOU LOOK A MESS.
MOM, DAD...
I NEED
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
ALL RIGHT, NOW,
WHAT IS IT?
I DON'T WANT TO HEAR ANYTHING
YOU HAVE TO SAY
UNTIL YOU FIX
YOUR CLOTHES.
YOU ARE WALKING
THROUGH THESE HALLS,
LOOKING LIKE A COMMON CRIMINAL,
AND YOUR FATHER IS A JUDGE.
SOME OF THESE OTHER JUDGES
MAY ALLOW THEIR CHILDREN
TO WALK AROUND
LOOKING LIKE THAT,
BUT WE DON'T ALLOW THAT.
THEY EXPECT US
TO LOOK LIKE THIS
BECAUSE WE'RE BLACK.
YOU KNOW
WE DON'T ALLOW THAT.
FIX YOUR CLOTHES,
HONEY.
VERONICA,
SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH OUR SON.
WHATEVER IT IS,
I'M SURE IT'S FINE.
YOU KNOW HOW HE GETS.
HE ALWAYS DOES THIS.
HE'S DONE IT
EVER SINCE HE WAS A BABY.
ANY LITTLE THING OUT OF PLACE,
AND HE OVERREACTS.
WELL,
LET'S FIND OUT WHAT IT IS.
I ALREADY KNOW
WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
YOU CARE TO TELL ME?
IT'S WYATT.
I KNEW IT.
WHAT ABOUT WYATT?
HE TOOK MY CAR.
HOW DID HE GET
YOUR KEYS?
HE TOOK THEM.
WHERE IS HE NOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
START FROM THE BEGINNING,
AND TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED.
OKAY, UM, WELL,
IT'S LAURA.
I MEAN,
SHE CAME AROUND,
AND WHEN SHE CAME AROUND,
ALL THESE PROBLEMS STARTED
HAPPENING.
AND HE WAS FINE
WHEN IT WAS JUST ME.
THEN HE STARTED TALKING TO HER
ON THE PHONE,
AND THEN HE ‐‐
HE TRICKED ME,
AND IT'S JUST ‐‐
IT'S JUST AWFUL.
TRICKED YOU HOW?
WHAT DID HE DO?
HE, UM,
HE PRETENDED TO LIKE ME.
EXPLAIN.
HE PRETENDED TO BE GAY.
ALL RIGHT, SON,
HOW COULD HE TRICK YOU
BY PRETENDING TO BE GAY?
WELL ‐‐
DON'T YOU DARE SAY IT.
VERONICA.
DON'T YOU DARE!
VERONICA,
WE HAVE DISCUSSED THIS.
NO,
YOU HAVE DISCUSSED THIS.
I WON'T HEAR IT.
DISCUSSED WHAT?
I'VE TALKED TO YOUR MOTHER
ABOUT ‐‐
DAVID!
WE HAVE ‐‐
DAVID.
WHAT GOOD IS IT
NOT TO SAY ANYTHING?
I DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THIS.
MOM. MOM.
I'M NOT LISTENING TO ANYTHING
YOU HAVE TO SAY TO ME TODAY.
MOM.
CLEAN YOURSELF UP.
MOM, I'M GAY.
YOU WOULDN'T EVEN GIVE ME
THE SATISFACTION
OF LEAVING THE ROOM?
I'M SORRY, MOM, DAD.
IT'S ALL RIGHT,
SON.
NO, IT ISN'T.
VERONICA, IT IS.
HAS EVERYONE GONE MAD?
[ CHUCKLES ]
HONEY,
YOU ARE NOT A HOMOSEXUAL.
YOU'RE NOT.
YES, I AM.
[ SIGHS ]
WHO GAVE YOU THE RIGHT
TO BE A HOMOSEXUAL?
WHO ‐‐ WHO GAVE YOU
THAT RIGHT?
WHO?
VERONICA,
THIS IS RIDICULOUS.
NO, IT ISN'T.
JEFFREY,
YOU'RE BEING SELFISH.
SELFISH?
YES,
THIS IS ALL ABOUT YOU.
MOM, I'M JUST TRYING
TO TELL YOU THAT ‐‐
SHUT UP!
TO THINK THAT YOU WOULD BE
SO SELF‐CENTERED.
TO THINK THAT YOU WOULDN'T EVEN
THINK ABOUT OUR FEELINGS,
OUR REPUTATION,
YOUR FATHER'S PLATFORM.
SON...IT'S ALL RIGHT.
I LOVE YOU ANYWAY.
YOUR MOTHER
LOVES YOU ANYWAY.
SPEAK FOR YOURSELF.
VERONICA,
HE IS STILL OUR SON.
OUR SON?
OUR SON
WHO IS ATTRACTED TO MEN.
I‐I KNEW I SHOULD HAVE
SEPARATED YOU FROM WYATT.
I‐I THOUGHT BY SPENDING
TIME WITH HIM
THAT YOU WOULD GET INTERESTED
IN GIRLS ‐‐
THAT HE COULD HELP YOU
AS MUCH AS YOU WERE HELPING HIM.
BUT NOT YOU.
NO, YOU ‐‐ YOU ‐‐
YOU FELL IN LOVE WITH HIM.
DON'T LOOK AT ME
LIKE THAT.
I SAW
THE WAY YOU LOOKED AT HIM.
THE WAY YOU LIT UP
EVERY TIME HE WOULD
GIVE YOU A COMPLIMENT.
I SAW HOW UPSET YOU GOT
EVERY TIME LAURA CAME AROUND.
WHO DO YOU THINK
CALLED LAURA
WHEN AMANDA WENT
IN THE HOSPITAL?
THAT WAS ME,
BECAUSE I WANTED YOU TO SEE
THAT HE WAS NOT THAT INTO YOU.
THAT THIS WHOLE
HOMOSEXUALITY THING WAS
JUST A CHILDHOOD MOMENT
THAT WOULD PASS.
HONEY, LET IT GO.
HE IS
NO LONGER A CHILD.
HE KNOWS WHO HE IS.
YOU CALLED LAURA?
YES.
DOES THAT OFFEND YOU?
GOOD.
BECAUSE YOU ARE OFFENDING ME
WITH THIS NONSENSE.
SO YOU CAUSED HIM
TO TREAT ME THIS WAY?
OH, JEFFREY.
CANDACE WAS RIGHT.
CANDACE?
WHAT DOES SHE HAVE TO DO
WITH THIS?
SHE TOLD ME THAT I NEEDED
TO START LIVING FOR MYSELF.
AND IT'S TIME
THAT I START DOING THAT.
SHE GOT TO YOU, TOO,
HUH?
NO.
NO, MOM.
I'M JUST TIRED.
I'M TIRED
OF HOLDING ONTO THIS.
OF DENYING MYSELF FOR YOU.
AND YOU, DAD.
ALL RIGHT, NOW, SON,
LET'S ‐‐
YOU AND YOUR MOTHER
CALM DOWN,
AND WE WILL
TALK ABOUT THIS LATER AT HOME.
OKAY.
VERONICA?
[ SNIFFLES ]
WHEN I WAS A FRESHMAN
IN COLLEGE,
I MET A MAN
WHO SAID HE LOVED ME.
I THOUGHT HE DID
UNTIL HE FOUND OUT
I WAS PREGNANT.
[ Voice breaking ]
I HAD AN ABORTION.
I HAVE LIVED WITH THE GUILT
OF THAT MY WHOLE LIFE.
AND THEN I MET YOUR FATHER.
WE TRIED SO MANY TIMES
TO GET PREGNANT, BUT...
...IT JUST WOULDN'T HAPPEN.
YOU HAD A BROTHER.
HE WAS STILLBORN.
AND THERE WERE
MISCARRIAGES.
AND I THOUGHT GOD WAS
PUNISHING ME FOR THAT ABORTION.
BUT THEN WE GOT PREGNANT
WITH YOU ‐‐
BEAUTIFUL, HEALTHY,
BABY BOY.
I WAS SO PROUD
TO GIVE MY HUSBAND A SON...
A BOY...
SOMEONE TO CARRY ON
THE HARRINGTON NAME.
AND I THOUGHT ‐‐
I THOUGHT FOR SURE GOD ‐‐
GOD HAD FORGIVEN ME.
GOD HAD FORGIVEN ME
FOR THAT ABORTION.
UNTIL NOW.
NOW I KNOW
THAT HE'S STILL PUNISHING ME,
BECAUSE YOU WERE
THE ONE THAT MADE IT.
YOU.
OUT OF ALL
MY UNBORN CHILDREN.
THEY DIDN'T HAVE A CHANCE
AT LIFE, BUT YOU...
...YOU MADE IT.
YOU STAYED.
YOU'RE HERE.
HOW DARE YOU BE
A HOMOSEXUAL?
HOW DARE YOU?
YOU ARE A MAN.
HOW DARE YOU, JEFFREY?!
HOW DARE YOU BE
A HOMOSEXUAL?!
[ SNIFFLES ]
YOU ARE A MAN, JEFFREY!
[ Crying ] I AM A MAN!
I AM A MAN, MOM!
I AM A GAY MAN!
AND YOU NEED
TO BE OKAY WITH THAT.
YOU NEED TO BE OKAY WITH THAT,
MOM!
Please.
I WILL NEVER BE
OKAY WITH THAT.
[ SOBS ]
[ SOBBING ]
Hanna:
I HOPE THAT'S YOU AND YOU JUST
FORGOT YOUR KEY AGAIN.
I'VE BEEN CALLING YOU
ALL DAY.
HI.
ARE YOU HANNA YOUNG?
YES, I AM.
I'M AFRAID I HAVE
SOME BAD NEWS.